{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1331\cocoasubrtf120
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red236\green240\blue251;\red66\green1\blue120;\red66\green1\blue120;
\red236\green240\blue251;\red85\green135\blue192;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh11100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 function q2()\{\
		title.innerHTML = \'91If had to have one of these superpowers, which would it be?\'92;\
		one.innerHTML = \'91Flying, but you can\'92t wear pants while flying\'92; //Comedy\
		two.innerHTML = \'91Teleporting but you randomly teleport somewhere once a week\'92; //Horror\
		three.innerHTML = \'91Super Strength but you are wanted by the police\'92; //Thriller\
		four.innerHTML = \'91Invisibility you can only control it in the summer\'92; //Drama\
		box1.checked = false;\
		box2.checked = false;\
		box3.checked = false;\
		box4.checked = false;\
	\}\
\
function q3()\{\
		title.innerHTML = \'91What would you do if confronted by a grizzly bear\'92?;\
		one.innerHTML = \'91Juggle for the bear in hopes of distracting him.\'92; //Comedy\
		two.innerHTML = \'91Run for your life into an abandoned house\'92; //Horror\
		three.innerHTML = \'91Fight that furry beast with a knife\'92; //Thriller\
		four.innerHTML = \'91Choose whether to save yourself or a nearby town\'92; //Drama\
		box1.checked = false;\
		box2.checked = false;\
		box3.checked = false;\
		box4.checked = false;\
	\}\
\
\
Prompts: \
\
A wife kills her husband, make me sympathize with both characters. //Drama\
\
A architect is imprisoned in a state prison for a crime a he didn\'92t commit. To prove it he must escape and collect evidence. He designed the prison. Plan his escape. /Drama/Thriller\
\
An immortal man is on a passenger jet thats about to crash.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/263drr/wp_once_per_year_youve_attended_a_private_party/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once per year, you've attended a private party consisting of your past and future selves. This year you're the oldest attending. As per tradition, you must give a toast.}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/1tjrnl/wp_a_suicide_hotline_operator_realizes_that_the/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A suicide hotline operator realizes that the person he's talking down is a wanted serial killer}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/27twy8/wp_youve_just_been_selected_for_jury_duty_as_the/"}}{\fldrslt You've just been selected for jury duty. As the trial begins, the opening prosecutor details a gruesome murder that you instantly recognize..because you committed it and the defendant is being framed.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/215fir/wp_a_schizophrenic_get_admitted_to_a_mental/"}}{\fldrslt A crazy man get admitted to a mental institution where he meets another crazy man who hears the same voices as him.}}\
\
North Korea is just one elaborate prank by the rich millionaire Kim Jong Un. How is the prank revealed? \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2bsshc/wpan_old_genie_grants_you_three_wishes_after/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 An old genie grants you three wishes. After granting your first two, you tell him the third. He is horrified, and begs you to reconsider}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/20lixi/wp_you_are_legally_allowed_to_commit_murder_once/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 You are legally allowed to commit murder once, but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/27wfo7/wp_kanye_west_is_one_of_the_four_kanyes_the_other/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Kanye West is one of the four Kanye's. The other three being Kanye North, Kanye South, and Kanye East. What happens when they all meet.}}\cf4 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/1xjzin/eu_harry_potter_is_sitting_at_home_sixty_years/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Harry Potter is sitting at home sixty years after the battle of Hogwarts, an old man now, when suddenly his scar hurts.}}\cf3 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}